# MyEventOrg
Event is used to emphasize something or an occurrence that happens in real-time, especially something important according to the Oxford dictionary [1]. Mostly, events are held for special occurrences such as club activities, birthday parties or even farewell parties. One way to hold these types of events is by planning and having an organizer that will overlook everything at a time, but it will put all the burden on the leader’s shoulder as they are the only ones that keep up with the work done for the events. MyEventOrg is a comprehensive web-based application that has been designed to assist event organizers within the Computer Science at University of Science Malaysia (CS USM) community with the planning and management of events. It serves as a platform that not only helps event organizers keep track of their workload, but also provides a range of useful features for event participants and outside vendors. For event organizers, MyEventOrg allows them to share the burden of planning and managing events with their team members and provides a convenient way for them to keep track of their workload. Additionally, MyEventOrg provides a platform for event participants to play games that have been provided at the event, adding an element of fun and excitement to the proceedings. For vendors, MyEventOrg offers a platform for selling products such as cakes, gifts, and vouchers. In order to be listed on the shopping dashboard of the application, vendors must upload proof of their eligibility. Overall, the goal of MyEventOrg is to help event organizers within the CS USM community professionally manage their events, such as club activities, in an efficient and effective manner.
Keywords: Event Planner, CS USM, USM Community, Event, Activities for event, Event Committee 
